hello to all good day to all we are to
los angeles for call of duty
championships once a year we come
here to see his teams fight for
a million dollars and I am
now with a tcm gaming player
the European team English team
goetschy an iconic player of the
scene
unfortunately the tesserae do not have
past the hens we go directly
back on their course and on the
disappointment we imagine will also be
extent of san jose sharks has done very well
so compared to the chicken phases 1
it is really not walk on it
tournament they do not really know what happened
past they did not play as well as
what they are unable to play they
have come in this tournament very very con
fiance saying that they were quite
able even maybe to win the
tournament online it was going very very
well it's been ten days they're here
they almost beat the optics in
line and that's it was really very
very close and then here in phases
of hens they lost to facebook
so they did not necessarily win
this match and if both teams
American but it was necessary
put back and then behind his game account
below zero and he thinks they have
really underestimate the team of below
zero it was that in the sun but
he could not score the points
in the lens so really very very
disappointed danton so once again hurts
is asked a question that what we have
posed to epic lane is that it is
according to him the explanation for which
the teams could European
can not beat these teams
US
every year the European teams
are totally dominate up to the said collar
if you're young you're after the call of
duty championships the Europeans get
wake up and will win or at least
do they are going to do a very good
result in at least one tournament that's
what happened before in the past there
do not really know how it's done
but he mainly thinks it's
the fact that they have a lot more
competitions in the united states so that's
true that in europe there is there i ended ti who
do a lot of things to try
to help his mother the format
is not really useful for example they
are going to do tournaments where it's going
start at six in the evening they go
have to play until midnight they go
play a single good team until the
end
and that's when they will arrive at
play this good team they're going to be
very tired so according to him needs to
change that format a bit and
especially this is the competition will not have
need to become a better one for him
there is a better training at the
next question
it's going to be obviously his
predictions for his call of duty
championships him he knows very
very well the teams she would be
without tobacco
very well so for him he can not
necessarily eliminate players from
optical gaming because optics has
really plays very very well since the
beginning of the season they have three of
most talented players on the game
neither very good cat very good captain of this
team but for now it's
difficult to see they are in the process of
play against the flames is behind
we are in loser bracket on va
have to do something very, very
special to successfully beat the ddt and
niall disdained one who eliminated them
that they are very very strong so they
would see many niall behind
optical and why not behind tim
revenge that is a very very good
team with a very big team work according
him the last question I was asked
at gkn jc who had a very event
special at tcm gaming it's the purchase
a spot in league
ml i have so they will come live at
united states for three months to do
this league and we will try time a
little bit what are their goals and
what is the strategy behind that is
what they intend to do by
example of the mlg of the Americas
sow is fine so the strategy to
It's obviously trying to
progress as a player but also
to advance their brands the
mark tcm that is to say that they will
really oustry but it's something
who was not at all before so they
are really going to try to come here and
to create a future with that's all
all the everything that is put to
provision aside cm trying to do
the best performances online
as well as of course they
finish top 8 they will try to get
qualify for the x games mlg so that
it really is
their goal and it's very very hard to
predict for the moment where they will end
they will just try to play at best
and progress we will let him
a few words of finland from sweden
to gourna very well so thanks for
the interview thanks to the fans especially you
are awesome as he says and then to
thanks to tcm all the management are them
would not be there the sponsors also
it was jonas for dessert offense
find himself very soon for others
live interviews from los angeles